chore(docs): add label to components in the next docs side-nav (#6044)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/famous-oranges-go.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': minor
---

Added label to indicate status of components in foundations, raw components, components, utilities, templates on documentation.

Status label indicates the state of the component:
- In Progress ⏳: This component has open issues or tasks that need to be fixed before it can be used.
- Experimental 🆕*: This component has been newly introduced and you might experience some bumps while using it.

> - Stable ✅: This component is tested, has some mileage, other projects are already successfully implementing it, it's safe to use this.

Reviewer: Input from @sandra-post: stable components should have no icon to reduce mental load.

Reviewer: In this case, the icon could be placed after the text to prevent misalignment.

> Added label to indicate status of components in foundations, raw components, components, utilities, templates on documentation.
> 
> Status label indicates the state of the component:
> - In Progress ⏳: This component has open issues or tasks that need to be fixed before it can be used.
> - Experimental 🆕*: This component has been newly introduced and you might experience some bumps while using it.
> - Stable ✅: This component is tested, has some mileage, other projects are already successfully implementing it, it's safe to use this.
> - Deprecated ⛔: This component will be removed in an upcoming major version.
> 
> Changed default svg-icons to be hidden in `production` and in `development` mode in styles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Removed default svg-icons from all navigation entries.  
Introduced state-specific icons for individual components to indicate their current development status:
- In Progress ⏳: This component has open issues or tasks that need to be fixed before it can be used.
- Experimental 🆕*: This component has been newly introduced and you might experience some bumps while using it.
- Stable ✅: This component is tested, has some mileage, other projects are already successfully implementing it, it's safe to use this.
- Deprecated ⛔: This component will be removed in an upcoming major version.
```
